Implementing exact optimization of NQS (#953)
netket/netket: docs/docs/varstate.rst

        with open("parameters.mpack", 'rb') as file:
          vstate.variables = flax.serialization.from_bytes(vstate.variables, file.read())

> Uxing Exact State for Testing
> --------------------------------------
> 
> Before optimization, one can wonder whether a particular NQS Ansatz is capable of expressing the ground state exactly. To check it in a small system, ine may use the :class:`~netket.vqs.exact.ExactState` state. 
> 
> .. code:: python
> 
>     vs = nk.vqs.ExactState(hilbert, nk.models.RBM())
> 
> Optimization with `ExactState` uses exact gradient and metric tensor evaluated as full sum over the Hilbert space.

Reviewer: I'd reformulate this. Full summation does not necessarily verify representational capabilities. It can converge to local minima in the variational energy just like VMC depending on initial conditions.

```suggestion
Using ExactState for testing
----------------------------

In order to check the performance of a given model on small test systems, it is possible to use :class:`~netket.vqs.exact.ExactState` which can be used in place of :class:`~netket.vqs.MCState` and computes quantities not by stochastic sampling but by evaluation of the ansatz over the full Hilbert space basis. (Therefore, it is infeasible to use for system sizes beyond ED.)

This can be helpful to diagnose potential errors arising from Monte Carlo sampling.

.. code:: python

    vs = nk.vqs.ExactState(hilbert, nk.models.RBM())
```
